The Joe Rogan experience. Dude, virtual. We can give each other real knuckles.
Come on, do that one.
There we go. <laugh> I'm not, I'm not like I'm not crazy. I'm not, I'm not,
I'm not like a paranoid person, but I'll tell you, Joe,
you got me to leave my house for the first time in five weeks.
I'm so happy you left. And I'm so happy you got tested.
Yeah. The first time in five weeks that I've left the house and you, yeah,
I got tested and I'm, and everything's great. So, but I'm not like, you know,
paranoid or anything.
Like that. It's just spray it down, baby. Yeah. Just how,
how bad is all this Lysol for us? This stuff is pretty good.
This is a real question, right? How bad is all this Lysol? Yeah. Yeah.
It'll be fun.
AOL's probably not bad, but no. Great to be here. Thank you. My pleasure. And,
uh, man, what? I haven't, I haven't left my head in five weeks. Uh,
I've been isolating as a responsible citizen, right? Yes. Yeah.
And, uh, I, I feel good. I feel, first of all, I'm excited to be here. I, uh,
I'm excited to have you here. I posted that I was,
I've been going through my computers. I'm at home.
I'm going through my computers and just killing time. I live alone. Okay.
I happen to be single at this point in my life, ladies, there you go,
huh. Right, right. <laugh> right before this happened. Uh,
and I kind of think to myself sometimes I think, okay.
Imagine if I had been in a relationship that hadn't been going well,
and this happened,
and then you have to make the decision to isolate with somebody I'm not in that
situation. I'm home alone.
And I've been talking a lot to my friends on FaceTime and
I've been socializing and I've been, you know, living life in this world,
but alone in my house,
I'm going through my computers started going through old footage.
I found that clip from when you came up to my house back in the day. And uh,
yeah, I just, I, I, I,
I saw this moment where I just I'll jump right into this if that's cool. Sure.
Because this,
I saw this moment in the clip where we started talking about my old web show and
you'd come up to my house back in the day.
And it was so cool that you came up then,
and I remember at the time your website was like way advanced. Right?
Right.
Like it had all sorts of extra stuff on it that people weren't really doing on
the web back then. And you came up and we just started talking about the web.
And, um, that was.
Because of my web master. Andrew Blevin shout out to Andrew Uhhuh. He's a,
a wizard at.
Web creating. So I was always really into the web stuff. You know,
I had my website, I started my website early when I was, you know, in Canada.
And I was really thought that was cool.
And we started talking about what I was doing, which was kind of crazy. Right.
And then you just started talking about, you said, you said, uh,
what, what,
what we gotta do is figure out how we're gonna make some money off this.
And I'm like, yeah. Yeah. And I'm like going, yeah. I mean, I'd been trying,
I had been trying, I'd been going to, you know, advertisers and saying,
they were like, what, you know, what, what do you mean internet? You know? But,
uh, it's kind of funny. I saw that clip and I thought,
that's hilarious cuz you know, not to, not to, you know,
blow too much smoke up your,
but clearly you figured out how to make money off of it. And it was hilarious.
I'm like, that's hilarious and prophetic moment.
How can we make money off of it? Now we're here in this beautiful studio,
incredible.
A few moments that, uh,
really planted a seed in my head to do something like this online,
this yours was a big one. Yeah.
Being at your house and seeing how you had servers.
Mm-hmm <affirmative> <affirmative> you had full cables like folks mm-hmm
<affirmative> mm-hmm <affirmative> this room is not as sophisticated as Tom
Green's home was in 2007. That's how crazy it was. There.
Was some weird stuff in there. Yeah. But you.
Had it set up like an,
you had a whole internet service provider set up at your house.
Mm-hmm <affirmative> like, like you could have run like a network in 2007,
you had all those, you had that whole rack with all that equipment.
I walked into that room and it's humming and I'm like, holy, dude. Uhhuh those.
The grate drives. Yeah. The grate drives. Yeah. I.
Was like, this is crazy. This is your house.
And like folks like back then you had to have these cables that snaked through
the house. Like, so everything was taped was like, dude,
this is like you've you literally turned your house into a set mm-hmm
<affirmative> like,
it was much more like a set than anything I'd ever seen before.
Outside of a set. It.
Were lights screwed into the ceiling. Yeah. I kind of trashed my place. You.
Even figured out how to take video calls from people.
That was exciting. Crazy. That was exciting. I had this, this you, there.
It is.
Tom green. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And then the TV on the wall. Yeah.
And there's my dog. Steve I'll pour Steve. Oh, and look, I have, uh,
don't have gray in my beard. Oh, look at that. Um.
Yeah. Young man.
Back then, this was probably around 2007, I guess. Yeah.
And that's that was the back corner. My living room there. So Jean,
you can see all the wires going up. See that that's going up into the ceiling,
up through the ceiling, into the spare room,
which I turned into the editing room. Look.
How crazy all this equipment is it, dude, dude, you were so ahead of everybody.
That's actually a little later actually. I'm looking at this now. This is later.
This is after. Uh, cause I can tell cuz that's an actual,
that's not the TriCaster. That's an actual television switcher.
I forget what model it's a Sony switcher. So you.
Started with a TriCaster and a, there was a thing called a.
Video toaster system. First I had that for a year. Then we got this,
the first version of the trier. That's Victor who was, uh, working on the show.
He's he's stoked that I'm here today. I still talk to Victor quite a bit.
Shout out to Victor, Victor what's up. But um, so yeah,
so that was a little later. Um, but uh, still kind of, uh, you know,
we're talking three years later or something. So 2010.
Ish. Yeah, exactly. Yeah. Look at all your, like your lighting and everything.
Like you had done it where you had basically instead of like putting cameras in
your house mm-hmm <affirmative> you would turn your house into a studio.
Mm-hmm <affirmative> it was like legit mm-hmm <affirmative> I remember thinking,
oh my God,
cuz Anthony kuia had a kind of a pretty high tech uh, setup in his basement.
Yeah. Was another inspiration. Yeah. Yeah,
because he was doing that while he was doing Anthony and you know,
they actually, his employers at the time wanted him to stop doing it.
Mm-hmm <affirmative> mm-hmm <affirmative> they had decided somehow or another,
it it's not, he shouldn't be allowed to do an extra show. Right. And he's like,
but I'm just promoting this serious show. Right? Like this is free.
Like people could see it. It's fun. So Anthony would, uh,
do karaoke with machine guns in front of green screens, Uhhuh <laugh>.
And he's still, she's still kicking on the intern. Yeah. Yes. Well.
Now he has his own. He has his own network. Yeah, exactly. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah.
I love that guy. He's a, he's a unique dude. He, he was great on Anthony.
He was always really funny and just like, like a comic,
but he never did standup. Yeah. It's really interesting.
He's like the most comicy comic guy that I've ever met that never did standup
mm-hmm <affirmative> is Anthony Kuya a hundred percent.
Could have been a great comic. A hundred percent.
I think sometimes people that, I mean, I'm just making this up right now,
but I think sometimes people that have never done standup who do radio are
afraid of it, you know? Cuz it's like, cuz they can, they can,
it's a scary thing getting on stage, you know,
it's in front of an audience if you've never done it before,
but you get comfortable behind that. I'm like, but anyways, yeah man,
it was so cool when you came up because I remember like,
I think there was like entertainment tonight was there that day or something
like that, that, and you talked with them after that's right. That's right.
And you left this, made this quote to them and that went out and it was
defining what's happened in our work. You were just saying, you know,
like we don't need the advertisers. We don't need the networks anymore.
We don't, you know, we can go straight to the advertiser. I.
Always is that video available.
Anywhere? I, I think I saw it on the internet. Some that, that, that.
Video of me saying that is kind of hilarious.
If you stop and think about how all this internet stuff has played out since
then mm-hmm <affirmative>, it's like street, there was this pre YouTube, right?
Mm-hmm <affirmative> like nobody was uploading to YouTube.
You had to have your own Tom green.com set up. So I.
Remember I got a call. This is one of those, like, you know,
when you think about, think back, can you sort of kick yourself?
I'm I'm you know, I was, it was so,
I mean, how far into the weeds do we want to get? Technically I was it's like,
people are like, who give a? Oh, there it is right there. But here I was, I,
I had the surf that's the.
Clip. Yeah. That was my backwards baseball hat days. So we.
Jimmy still in those days we were hosting this stuff on this site called bit
gravity.com. Ah, so we would upload our to that. Were.
Those, the guys from Denver.
Mm-hmm <affirmative> uh, no, uh, bit gravity is San Francisco. Yeah. Okay.
San Francisco and uh, Barrett lion is.
Did you do some stuff with some guys from Denver that.
Was, that was sort of around the same time they were, that was mania TV.
Right, right, right. And so they kind of, but what I, what, what I did
was mania TV was the only people that were really doing live streaming.
And I said, Hey, you know,
like I wanna build this TV studio and they helped me build the studio, but I, I,
I wanted it. I wanted to be autonomous of them as well. Right.
So I got my own servers through company, company bit gravity,
where they basically invented the technology to upload video and then serve
it out. Right. So I would link that to my website, Tom green.com
completely autonomous of the other website, mania TV. So,
you know, it was some there funny that happened there because you know, I, I,
I remember like I think back I go, I really made a few mistakes.
<laugh> you know, like I go, I go, I want all the stuff to be on my website.
Right. And then YouTube started, oh, what's this? Oh YouTube. Oh, that's cool.
They're they're doing a thing out of an apartment in San Francisco on I remember
at one point somebody called me from YouTube and said, Hey man,
we really like what you're doing with your thing. I'm like, oh, that's cool.
Cool man. Yeah. Yeah. I'm kind of doing my own thing over here, you know? Yeah.
That's cool.
I like what you're doing too and never really kind of connected with them cuz I
thought I was thinking at the time it's gotta all be on your server. Right.
So you have, have those views, not thinking, okay, we could have it out,
spread it, send it out, just get the eyeballs on it. So, but it was,
it was exciting. It was exciting time. Everybody.
Thought that though. I mean, no one could have ever saw what YouTube had been.
Yeah. Or, or has become. Yeah.
It's what's crazy about YouTube is that there's not another one.
There's just YouTube.
It's like there's Vimeo and a few other fairly pot video sites. Yeah.
But it's like the XFL compared to the NFL or something like that. Yeah.
Not even the XFL is done. Right. Do they just go under yeah. Done.
Now it's like comparing the two of them because all those other video things
it's like, yeah, you'll get some views, but it's just YouTube.
For whatever reason captured. They, they have.
The market. It never became my space. You know? I'm imagine.
Well remember YouTube. Yeah. Something as.
Simple as uploading video. Yeah. I mean, obviously it's complex, right?
Like just the being able to get it onto the website and make sure it streams and
all the technical stuff super complex. But just the concept is pretty simple.
You with your phone or video camera, you, you film it,
you can upload it like real simple. Any anybody can do it. And then anybody,
all of a sudden can get views. Like that is amazing.
That one company has that locked up. Mm-hmm <affirmative>, it's kind of crazy.
Cuz you would think that like, boy,
that would be something that everybody would want to get involved in.
Look how much money YouTube is making.
Yeah. I would, I would, I would thought about that,
but I guess kind of nuts the amount of,
of <affirmative> advancement that happens every six months in, in technology.
Yeah.
And they've got the funding to be able to stay right on top of it and just make
it the strongest platform possibly. I don't know. I don't know. Well,
even Twitter.
Like how'd they do that? There's like one Twitter. Yeah.
I mean there's Facebook mm-hmm <affirmative> and I guess people hold discussions
on Instagram. But if I read what do I,
of the things that drives me crazy about Instagram is like,
if I go to your page and I'm reading one of your, uh, captions,
someone will say something in response to someone they're like, Hey you,
Dick boy or whatever.
Mm-hmm <affirmative> and then I try to click and find out what they were talking
about.
Mm-hmm <affirmative> and I get to the beginning of the comments and then I gotta
go through all the comments to try to figure this out. Like,
why can't I just click.